31st May 
    1. We discussed about how to start with HW2.
    2. We also successfully commited our inital  HW2 folder/files to github repository.
    3. For start we have each decided to go through wincrypt functions provided in the reference, so that each gets a better understanding about how we can start working with Base64EncodeA and Base64DecodeA.
    4. At the end we decided to meet tomorrow, to discuss further and start working on code.

1st June, 2023  
	1. Today we worked on Base64EncodeA and Base64Encode as well as Base64DecodeA and Base64Decode
	2. Initially we were struggling with the understanding of the layout of the hw2 as a whole and defining the referenced functions given by the professor.
	3. Later, during the day we took a meeting and help each other clear all the doubts we had.
	4. By night we were able to successfully get the Decode and Encode work properly without any errors.
	5. After today we will be working on defining test cases and making sure that they produce the desired output.

2nd June 2023
	1. Today we worked on testcases. We created 7 (4 for encoding and 3 for decoding) different cases each producing the desired output.
	2. The first test case just compared the output of the base64encode with the correct hash.
	3. The 2nd test case consisted of a blank string.
	4. The 3rd test cases was on a " " (space) string.
	5. The 4th test case showed the result did not match if you tried to comparing a wrong hash with the hash produced by the function.
	6. The above four cases were also made for Decode Function.
	7. Since the test cases and the program was running properly, tomorrow we will be working on completing the readMe.md files.

3rd June 2023
	1. Today we worked on revamping the code and to see if there is any redundant code can be removed.
	2. Another thing that completed was the 'Hw2.md'. This is the first draft and we may change it if required.
	3. There is a still few minor things left to be completed which we hope to finish by tomorrow.

June 5th 2023
	1. Today being the last day, all of updated our final logbooks along with some changes in the readMe.md files. 
	2. In the main readMe.md file we gave an overview of our assignment as a whole.
	3. Another readMe.md file inside the base64 folder explains the working of our code.
	4. Finally this is what our actual and expected time for the completion of our HW2.
		a. Expected: 12hrs
		b. Actual: Around 15hrs
