31st May 1:30 AM - 3:00 AM
    1. Initial discussion about encoding/decoding base64 and understanding hw2.
    2. We initialised our repository with dummy code.
    3. Learnt about wincrypt library of windows. 
    4. At the end we decided to meet tomorrow, to discuss further and start working on code.

June 1, 2023  
	1. We worked on Encode and Decode functions of hw2.
	2. After reviewing documentation of wincrypt and little bit of struggle we were able to implement encode and decode functions.
	3. Later, during the day we took a meeting and help each other clear all the doubts we had.
	4. By later that day at night our function for encoding and decoding were working properly and we tested them with multiple inputs.
	5. From tomorrow we will work on test cases.

June 2, 2023
	1. We were working on testcases and decided to make 7 different test cases, 4 for encode funtion and 3 for decode function.
	2. First test case for both the decode and encode function is best test case scenario, taking a normal string as input.
	3. The second test case is worst case where we are passing empty string ("") as input.
	4. The third test case was a " " (space) string, average test case scenario.
	5. For fourth test case we check with wrong output and make sure that the output from function doesnt match.
	6. Similar test cases were made for decode function.
	7. After successful completion of test cases, we will now work on updating README document.
	
Jun 3, 2023
  	1. We met to have discussion and review on the code. 
  	2. We discussed ideas on what to be included in the README files.
  	3. We will complete the project by tomorrow or day after tomorrow including the README files

Jun 5, 2023
	1. We have completed our project today including the creation and changes in README file. 
	2. In the main README we provide Introduction, Installation and Usage of our repository.
	3. The README under Base64/ directory provides explaination of the function used. And the README under Testing/ directory explains test cases.
	4. Finally this is what our actual and expected time for the completion of our HW2.
		a. Expected: 12hrs
		b. Actual: Around 15hrs
