May 31, 2023
  1. We all met and read hw2.
  2. We setup the GitHub repository with suggested folder structure and made initial commits.
  3. We decided to first study wincrypt and learn necessary functionalities provided to wincrypt to get a better understanding of the functions we are supposed to use in our hw2.
  4. We decided to meet tomorrow after we have read about wincrypt so that we can start building the code.

Jun 1, 2023
  1. We all met again today and worked on the 4 functions that we are supposed to implement and complete.
  2. Initially, we struggled a bit in defining the functions and using them to encode/decode the string.
  3. We discussed the difficulties we faced and solved each others' problems.
  4. Finally, later at night we were able to successfully implement all the 4 functions and successfully encode and decode a given string.
  5. We have decided to meet again tomorrow, and work on the unit test cases.

Jun 2, 2023
  1. Today we all met and worked on creating test cases and runnning them successfully.
  2. We have created 7 different test cases, 4 for encoding and 3 for decoding.
  3. We have included normal string, blank string (""), string with only space (" "), and a string with wrong-matched output encoded string.
  4. Similarly, for decoding, we have included normal string, string with only space (" "), and a string with wrong-matched decoded string.
  5. All of our test cases were passed and the overall project was running as expected.
  6. We created the .bat files for both running Base64 encoding functions and also for their tests.
  7. We will meet tomorrow and work on readME.md files.

Jun 3, 2023
  1. Today we reviewed our code, checked whether everything is working fine and checked for any redundant code.
  2. We created the first draft of hw2.md. We will finalise it later, just in case of anything is left to add or delete.
  3. We expect to finish our project tomorrow.

Jun 5, 2023
  1. Today is the final day of our assignment. We met and reviewed our code to see if everything is as expected.
  2. We created the main README.md file giving a general overview of our project..
  3. Here is the statistics of our estimated and actual time of completion (both are approximate times):
    3.1. Estimated: 12 hours
    3.2. Actual: 15 hours
